README.md, before:

news
====

Contributing news content
---

Please review [template.md](template.md) for a sample layout and structure of a post. You can use standard Markdown to write your material (which includes HTML as well, see [Daring Fireball's][df] syntax guide for Markdown for more information). There are also some specific Jekyll related formatting and syntax you can use such as highlighting code blocks, read [Jekyll's documentation][jkdoc] for help.

The RSS feed is automatically built from the list of posts and added to ``feed.xml``.

Please use the date formatting "FullYear-Month-Day" for both the naming of files and the date within the post's YAML, example file name: 2014-08-18-title-of-post.md

I propose we use two main categories:

1. ``news`` for just website related news content that is excluded from the email campaign.
2. ``circuit`` for content that is for both the website and email campaign.

Both will appear on the website, however, when I work in a simple archive or sort-by-category deal, it should be easier to find content that is only related to one of the categories.

[df]: http://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/syntax
[jkdoc]: http://jekyllrb.com/docs/home/

Modifying layouts, includes, etc
---

``_includes/`` contains snippets that are included upon generation of the site itself in the layouts. This involves the ``<head>``, site header, navigation, and footer (only seen at bottom of individual post page). Changing these will change them throughout the site.

``_layouts/`` contains the two primary layouts that build the structure of the site itself. ``default.html`` is the base structure which everything is built off of. ``post.html`` is the structure for individual posts.

``main.css`` is the primary stylesheet for the entire site. ``syntax.css`` is the stylesheet for code blocks (``<pre><code>``). Please refrain from modifying ``syntax.css``.

``_config.yaml`` contains all the important variables for the site itself. Such as where the build destination is, title of the organization and any other global variables (e.g. Facebook page URL, Github, etc). They can be included just like any other variable with Jekyll using ``{{ site.variable_name }}``.

Commit message:

update readme with liquid information

README.md, after:

news
====

Contributing news content
---

Please review [template.md](template.md) for a sample layout and structure of a post. You can use standard Markdown to write your material (which includes HTML as well, see [Daring Fireball's][df] syntax guide for Markdown for more information). There are also some specific Jekyll related formatting and syntax you can use such as highlighting code blocks, read [Jekyll's documentation][jkdoc] for help. Jekyll makes use of the Liquid templating language. You only need concern youself with [small amount](liquid) of its documentation.

The RSS feed is automatically built from the list of posts and added to ``feed.xml``.

Please use the date formatting "FullYear-Month-Day" for both the naming of files and the date within the post's YAML, example file name: 2014-08-18-title-of-post.md

I propose we use two main categories:

1. ``news`` for just website related news content that is excluded from the email campaign.
2. ``circuit`` for content that is for both the website and email campaign.

Both will appear on the website, however, when I work in a simple archive or sort-by-category deal, it should be easier to find content that is only related to one of the categories.

[df]: http://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/syntax
[jkdoc]: http://jekyllrb.com/docs/home/
[liquid]: https://github.com/Shopify/liquid/wiki/Liquid-for-Designers

Modifying layouts, includes, etc
---

``_includes/`` contains snippets that are included upon generation of the site itself in the layouts. This involves the ``<head>``, site header, navigation, and footer (only seen at bottom of individual post page). Changing these will change them throughout the site.

``_layouts/`` contains the two primary layouts that build the structure of the site itself. ``default.html`` is the base structure which everything is built off of. ``post.html`` is the structure for individual posts.

``main.css`` is the primary stylesheet for the entire site. ``syntax.css`` is the stylesheet for code blocks (``<pre><code>``). Please refrain from modifying ``syntax.css``.

``_config.yaml`` contains all the important variables for the site itself. Such as where the build destination is, title of the organization and any other global variables (e.g. Facebook page URL, Github, etc). They can be included just like any other variable with Jekyll using ``{{ site.variable_name }}``.
